# SOME DESCRIPTIVE TITLE.
# Copyright (C) 2021, Open Robotics
# This file is distributed under the same license as the ROS 2 documentation
# package.
# FIRST AUTHOR <EMAIL@ADDRESS>, 2021.
#
#, fuzzy
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: ROS 2 documentation \n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2021-12-16 10:02+0800\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: YEAR-MO-DA HO:MI+ZONE\n"
"Last-Translator: FULL NAME <EMAIL@ADDRESS>\n"
"Language-Team: LANGUAGE <LL@li.org>\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Generated-By: Babel 2.9.0\n"

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:4
msgid "Project Governance"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:8
msgid "Table of Contents"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:11
msgid "Technical Steering Committee (TSC)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:12
msgid ""
"Since the beginning of ROS, the project has been overseen and prioritized"
" primarily by one organization, first Willow Garage and now Open "
"Robotics. That approach has worked well enough, as evidenced by the "
"widespread adoption of ROS around the world."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:15
msgid ""
"But with ROS 2, we want to broaden participation to accelerate ROS 2 "
"delivery, starting with these areas: determining the roadmap, developing "
"core tools and libraries, and establishing working groups to focus on "
"important topics. To that end, we've established a Technical Steering "
"Committee (TSC). As described in the :doc:`charter <Governance/ROS2-TSC-"
"Charter>`, the TSC comprises representatives of organizations that are "
"contributing to the development of ROS 2, and it has the responsibility "
"to set the technical direction for the project."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:19
msgid ""
"Packages relevant to this ROS 2 TSC are listed in `REP 2005 "
"<https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2005.html>`_."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:21
msgid ""
"Meeting notes can be found on `ROS Discourse "
"<https://discourse.ros.org/tag/tsc>`_."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:23
msgid "The current members of the ROS 2 TSC are (22 as of 2021-11-29):"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:25
msgid "adlink"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:26
msgid "amazon"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:27
msgid "apex"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:28
msgid "bosch"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:29
msgid "canonical"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:30
msgid "eprosima"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:31
msgid "gvsc"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:32
msgid "intel"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:33
msgid "irobot"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:34
msgid "lge"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:35
msgid "microsoft"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:36
msgid "openrobotics"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:37
msgid "picknik"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:38
msgid "robotis"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:39
msgid "ros2"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:40
msgid "rosindustrial"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:41
msgid "samsung"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:42
msgid "sony"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:43
msgid "tri"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:44
msgid "windriver"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:188
msgid ""
"If you are interested in joining the ROS 2 TSC, please inquire via "
"info@openrobotics.org."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:198
msgid "Working Groups (WGs)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:200
msgid ""
"As described in its :doc:`charter <Governance/ROS2-TSC-Charter>`, the TSC"
" establishes working groups (WGs) to discuss and make progress on "
"specific topics."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:202
msgid "The current WGs are (11 as of 2021-01-12):"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:205
msgid "Control"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:207
msgid "Lead(s): Bence Magyar, Karsten Knese"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:208 ../../source/Governance.rst:217
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:226 ../../source/Governance.rst:237
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:246 ../../source/Governance.rst:258
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:270 ../../source/Governance.rst:282
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:293 ../../source/Governance.rst:304
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:315 ../../source/Governance.rst:327
#: ../../source/Governance.rst:345
msgid "Resources:"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:210
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-control-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-control-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:211
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-ros2-control <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"ros2-control>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:214
msgid "Edge AI"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:216
msgid "Lead(s): TBD"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:219
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-edge-ai-working-group-invites "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-edge-ai-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:220
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-edgeai <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-edgeai>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:223
msgid "Embedded Systems"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:225
msgid "Lead(s): Maria Merlan, Pablo Garrido"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:228
msgid ""
"`2019-07-29 meeting notes <https://discourse.ros.org/uploads/short-"
"url/z1caIm7m5IVP4cPJUwg3Chq36wO.pdf>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:229
msgid ""
"`2019-01-15 meeting notes <https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-embedded-sig-"
"meeting-2/7243/5>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:230
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-embedded-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com"
" <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-embedded-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:231
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-embedded <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-embedded>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:234
msgid "Middleware"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:236
msgid "Lead(s): William Woodall"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:239
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-middleware-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"middleware-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:240
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-middleware <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"middleware>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:243
msgid "Navigation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:245
msgid "Lead(s): Steve Macenski"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:248
msgid ""
"`2019-03-17 meeting notes <https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-navigation-"
"wg-thursday-3-00-pm-pacific-gmt-7-00/7586/9>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:250
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-navigation-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"navigation-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:251
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-navigation <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"navigation>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:252
msgid ""
"Discourse Channel: `Navigation Stack "
"<https://discourse.ros.org/c/navigation/44>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:255
msgid "Manipulation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:257
msgid "Lead(s): Dave Coleman, Mark Moll"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:260
msgid ""
"`About our working group meetings <https://discourse.ros.org/t/moveit-"
"maintainer-meeting-all-invited-july-25th/9899>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:262
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-manipulation-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"manipulation-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:263
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-moveit <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-moveit>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:264
msgid "Discourse Channel: `MoveIt <https://discourse.ros.org/c/moveit>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:267
msgid "Real-time"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:269
msgid "Lead(s): Andrei Kholodnyi, Carlos San Vicente"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:272
msgid ""
"`Working group website <https://real-time-working-"
"group.readthedocs.io/>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:273
msgid "`Working Group Community <https://github.com/ros-realtime/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:274
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-real-time-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"real-time-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:275
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-real-time <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-real-"
"time>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:276
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+ros-realtime:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+ros-"
"realtime:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:279
msgid "Rust"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:281
msgid "Lead(s): Ruffin White, Geoffrey Biggs"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:284
msgid "`Working group Community <https://github.com/ros2-rust/rust-wg>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:285
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-rust-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-rust-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:286
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-rust <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-rust>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:287
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+rosorg-rust:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+rosorg-"
"rust:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:290
msgid "Safety"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:292
msgid "Lead(s): Geoffrey Biggs"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:295
msgid ""
"`Working group website <http://ros-"
"safety.github.io/safety_working_group/>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:296
msgid ""
"`Working group Community <https://github.com/ros-"
"safety/safety_working_group>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:297
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-safety-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-safety-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:298
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-safety-critical <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"safety-critical>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:301
msgid "Security"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:303
msgid "Lead(s): Jeremie Deray"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:306
msgid ""
"`ROS 2 Security Working Group Community <https://github.com/ros-"
"security/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:307
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-security-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com"
" <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:308
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-security <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-security>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:309
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+rosorg-security:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+rosorg-"
"security:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:312
msgid "Tooling"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:314 ../../source/Governance.rst:326
msgid "Lead(s): Emerson Knapp"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:317
msgid "`Charter <https://github.com/ros-tooling/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:318
msgid ""
"`Meeting Notes "
"<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UXWaEkT6ji0Z0uTtJJSni5Y6fiopM9qOOzv4ldeNaAM/edit>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:319
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-tooling-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-tooling-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:320
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-tooling <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-tooling>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:321
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+ros-tooling:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+ros-"
"tooling:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:324
msgid "WebTools"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:329
msgid "`Charter <https://github.com/RobotWebTools/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:330
msgid ""
"`Meeting Notes <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1esrRj2x80TSCEHOwuh-"
"cT_bQvAqqvloQAQr8mPMzcTc/edit>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:331
msgid ""
"`Video Recordings "
"<https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpUh4ScdBhSMb98_C0q_zIT8GNMehYBd>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:332
msgid "`Google Group <https://groups.google.com/g/ros-webtools-working-group>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:333
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-webtools <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"webtools>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:336
msgid "Community Working Groups"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:338
msgid ""
"The ROS 2 TSC is interested in encouraging and promoting working groups "
"outside its direct purview. To provide extra visibility the TSC maintains"
" a list of the community driven working groups here as well as working "
"with the community to provide them with the same infrastructure."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:342
msgid "Hardware Acceleration"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:344
msgid "Lead(s): VÃ­ctor Mayoral Vilches"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:347
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ROS 2 Hardware Acceleration WG Google Group "
"<https://groups.google.com/g/ros-2-hardware-acceleration-wg>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:348
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-acceleration <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"acceleration>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:349
msgid ""
"Github organization: `ros-acceleration <https://github.com/ros-"
"acceleration>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:352
msgid ""
"If you'd like to join an existing ROS 2 WG, please contact the "
"appropriate group lead(s) directly. If you'd like to create a new WG, "
"please inquire via info@openrobotics.org."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:356
msgid "Working Group Policies"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:358
msgid ""
"Meetings should be posted to the Google calendar as well as announced on "
"Discourse."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:359
msgid ""
"Meetings should have notes and be posted to Discourse using appropriate "
"working group tag."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:360
msgid ""
"For attending the groups meetings please join the associated google group"
" to get invites automatically."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:363
msgid "Upcoming ROS Events"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:365
#, python-format
msgid ""
"Upcoming Working group meetings can be found in this `Google Calendar "
"<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=agf3kajirket8khktupm9go748%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles>`_."
" It can be accessed via `iCal "
"<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/agf3kajirket8khktupm9go748%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics>`_."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/Governance.rst:374
msgid ""
"If you have an individual event or series of events that you'd like to "
"post please contact info@openrobotics.org"
msgstr ""

